Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪ La mer ♪
♪ Qu'on voit danser ♪
♪ Le long des golfes clairs ♪
♪ A des reflets d'argent... ♪
[Jean Pierre]
Ahh. bread...
so central to human history.
it's been called
the "staff of life."
♪ La mer... ♪
It's just water. flour.
and yeast--
three simple
little ingredients...
but when made with love.
it can become
something special.
You might almost say "magical."
♪ Voyez ♪
♪ Près des étangs ♪
♪ Ces grands roseaux mouillés ♪
[♪♪]
♪ Voyez ♪
♪ Ces oiseaux blancs ♪
♪ Et ces maisons rouillées ♪
[♪♪]
♪ La mer ♪
♪ Les a bercés ♪
♪ Le long des golfes clairs ♪
♪ Et d'une chanson d'amour ♪
♪ La mer ♪
♪ A bercé mon coeur ♪
♪ Pour la vie ♪
♪ La mer ♪
♪ Qu'on voit danser ♪
Have a good day. Ernie.
You too. Annie.
Oh. that coffee
smells so good.
Annie. if you love me
even just a little bit.
you'll pour me a cup.
No!
Half a cup?
-[Annie laughs]
-A quarter?
No! You told me the baby
was already doing somersaults.
Just hang in there.
She'll be here
in a couple months.
you can have
all the coffee you want.
Okay. but-- oh!
Yeah. I think you're right.
She kicks hard enough
without caffeine.
I still can't believe
I'm gonna be an unofficial aunt.
Hey.
There they are--
my two favorite women
in the entire world.
Thank you.
Mm.
It's so much better than
what I brew at the bakery.
Oh. yeah. go ahead.
Rub it in. Matt.
Sorry. Mary.
but you are almost home.
And you are already a picture
of maternal loveliness.
You are such
a charming little liar.
but I still love you for it.
[chuckling]
So. uh. movie tonight?
I don't know.
I'm behind on my bookkeeping.
Besides... I'm still
a little annoyed with you.
What did he do now?
He broke up with Sarah.
she got depressed and quit.
and now I have to find
a new waitress.
I didn't do it
to hurt you.
We-- We just weren't right
for each other.
[laughs]
Well. no one's
ever right for you.
I mean. you have this image
of a perfect woman.
I'm telling you--
she doesn't exist.
I'm not looking for perfection.
I mean. Sarah was very sweet.
but...
honestly. she found the idea
of you and me having
a regular movie night.
ahem. "weird."
-Mm.
-And I'm sorry.
for me.
that's a non-starter.
Oh. I'm sorry.
this is my fault?
Yes!
[laughs]
But.
in the spirit of forgiveness.
I'll make the spaghetti
you like.
I'll even...
let you pick the movie
on top of it.
Oh! I haven't had
an offer like that
since before
Tim and I were married.
I'd take it.
[groans concedingly]
All right. all right.
all right.
But I'll warn you right now--
there won't be one car chase
or explosion.
Seven?
See you then.
-Bye. Mary.
-Bye. Matt.
You do realize why
he hasn't met anyone. right?
Oh! No.
Not this again.
Yes. "this again." Annie.
All the signs are there.
Why do you think he ends up
on your couch?
Because he's not willing
to pay for a streaming service.
No. Because he's subconsciously
in love with you.
Well. I would be
more interested
in someone who could
love me consciously.
I mean. come on.
It's Matt
we're talking about.
[♪♪]
Hey. Walt.
I-I tell you.
you've got to experience
Windward Island first hand
to appreciate what a--
what a happening...
and h-hot...
spot we really are.
Uh. well. we've come a long way
from the economic downturn
and one little article
from you could--
[line clicks]
Hello?
Lyle...
you are the most
perfectly pressed police officer
this town has ever seen.
How do you do it?
Well. I like to iron.
I find it meditative.
Well. no conversation with you
is ever uninteresting.
Morning. Tim.
I just saw Mary.
She is looking more amazing
every day.
Yeah. she is. isn't she?
Well. why so down?
Ah. you know-- stress.
I don't even know why
I'm bothering
to paint this boat.
I haven't had
a charter in weeks.
Come on.
things are gonna pick up.
You gotta stay positive. buddy.
You're gonna be a dad.
True.
[footsteps approaching]
Mornin'. fellas.
So the van's just right
up there. around the corner.
Thank you.
Tim. look at that.
What'd I tell you?
Tourists!
See? Things are
picking up already.
[chuckles] Wow.
Well. hello. Lyle.
Nice to see you again.
Great to have you back.
Mrs. Dean.
Lovely to be back.
[romantic theme rises]
[♪♪]
[woman laughs]
[Matt chuckles feebly]
Not the best first impression
you've ever made.
I don't know.
In some cultures.
it's a sign of good luck.
Really?
[shouts] Okay. fellas!
Hit me with your best shot!
Welcome to Windward!
Walter Rasmussen. Mayor.
Three tourists.
We're dying here.
Do you hear me? Dying here.
Enjoy your stay!
[British accent]
Ahem. To Mrs. Dean--
thank you
for opening
your beautiful home
to a company
of grateful dancers.
who will do their best
not to break anything.
[laughter]
Thank you. Philip.
As you may know.
my late husband
was not a fan of ballet.
In fact.
if he were still alive.
the Seattle Seahawks
would be sitting here
instead of you.
[all chuckling]
Create a wonderful ballet.
Make me proud.
And don't worry if you hear
strange noises at night.
I'm sure
it is just Franklin.
fighting culture...
even from the grave.
[laughter]
Cheers. everyone.
[overlapping] Cheers!
Cheers.
[all clinking]
[television playing]
[movie theme swells]
We've seen this movie
countless times.
and you cry at the end
every time.
I mean. you know
they're gonna wind up together!
It's not exactly a secret.
[sniffles]
You're a fine one to talk.
You cry every time that movie
with the dog comes on.
where it's going home.
Okay. that is different.
The love between a boy
and his dog is simple.
When it's people.
it gets complicated.
So your solution
is just to avoid
serious relationships?
It's gonna make
for a very lonely life.
I don't have a lonely life.
I have you
and our relationship--
a nice simple.
uncomplicated friendship.
I don't know whether
to be flattered or insulted.
Nah. I meant it
as a compliment.
All right.
Ah. time to get this dough
in the oven.
Mm-kay.
I like this one a lot.
I don't know.
It's not turning out
the way I wanted.
You say that about everything.
When are you gonna finally admit
your work is good?
You have to say that
'cause you're my friend.
Oh. just because
I'm your friend
do not think I'm afraid
to tell you
some hard-hitting truths.
Oh. yeah? Like what?
Like your taste in movies
is terrible.
Your painting isn't.
If I let you pick the movie
next time.
will you stop
talking about this?
Never.
Goodnight.
[♪♪]
♪ Every day of my life ♪
♪ Is the best day ♪
♪ All I have seen ♪
♪ Has blown me away ♪
♪ Now moving with the wind
is how I want to stay ♪
♪ And. Darling
if you take a look around... ♪
[♪♪]
[groans wearily]
I know. I know.
It doesn't have
that "something special."
Matthew.
You just need to put
a little more of your heart
into it.
Dad. we've talked about this.
I've tried.
Maybe I just don't
have the gift for it.
[laughs]
I didn't know I did.
and then. I met your mother.
and everything changed.
Remember what my bread was like
when she was alive?
The line of customers?
Sometimes. they couldn't
get out the door
without tearing off
a piece.
[laughs]
She inspired me.
After we lost her.
nothing was the same.
Maybe I just haven't found
my inspiration yet.
[chuckles]
I trust that you will.
Now. make your deliveries.
go home.
get some sleep.
All right.
[♪♪]
[footsteps]
Oh! Hello. Just in time.
Come on in.
Where would you like this?
We're just downstairs.
[classical music playing]
[Philip] Now sustain that.
Now transition. And up.
Nice. Jeté into
Pas de Chat.
[♪♪]
Lovely. Okay. keep that chin up.
shoulders back.
Oh!
[Philip] Even it out.
It was bumpy.
[sighs] I'm guessing
the five-second rule
doesn't apply here?
-[Philip] Keep working on it.
-Good guess.
Great to have you here.
And remember--
I'm not just the mayor.
I'm also a notary
and an insurance broker.
Never too early to start
thinking about life insurance.
[♪♪]
Ahh. I should've offered them
accident insurance.
Dancers break a lot of ankles.
don't they?
Maybe I could get
a charter or two out of this.
Any of 'em fish?
I don't know.
It didn't come up.
I'll be right back.
Do you think we could
get any publicity
out of having
a ballet company here?
You just don't give up.
do you. Walt?
No.
And I'm not gonna stop
until Windward
is back on the map.
I will ford every mountain.
I will climb every stream.
-I will chase every--
-How many beers have you had?
Half a glass.
That's it. Walt.
I'm cuttin' you off.
Ah. good idea.
I need a clear head
to plan my next move.
[bills rustling]
Night. all.
-Night. Walt.
-Thanks. Walt.
Not even one of 'em fish.
The universe must have
something against me.
Hi.
Hi. Can we get a white wine
and a club soda
with a lime. please?
Ooh. Make that two limes.
I'm feeling a little frisky.
Ooh.
[smooch]
Okay. Maybe the universe
likes me a little bit.
Aw. what's wrong?
Is my guy feeling
a little down today?
He just found out
he's not gonna get rich
off the ballet dancers.
Hey. it's not all about
making money off them.
I. for one. am happy
to get a little bit of culture
around this place.
And since when
are you a ballet fan. Matt?
Since Annie took me
when we were 10.
You hated it.
I didn't hate it!
I didn't hate it.
[Annie]
It was The Nutcracker
and the Mouse King
terrified him.
[laughter]
A mouse scared you?
He was. like. six-feet-tall.
with a sword.
big teeth. and claws.
and it was...
-Six feet. Terrifying.
-...very scary.
Excuse me.
-Can I get a diet cola. please?
-Sure thing.
Had a chance to explore
much of the island yet?
No. We've been
pretty busy rehearsing.
How's that going?
-Good.
-Great.
I'm a big ballet fan.
Really?
Oh. yeah.
Uh. The Nutcracker
is one of my favorites.
-[Annie stifles laughter]
-[Tim clears his throat]
Uh-huh. And. uh.
what else have you seen?
Well. actually.
nothing else yet--
What happened?
The Mouse King scare you?
-[friends gasping]
-Oh!
[Tim laughing]
[laughter grows]
Ouch.
Okay. okay.
it wasn't that funny.
-[laughter persists]
-Yeah!
-It's very funny.
-[Ernie growls darkly]
[louder laughter]
[Walt]
Uh. yeah. That's right.
Mrs. Dean's brought the whole
company out from Seattle
to rehearse
a brand-new world premiere.
I'd say that's worth
a few minutes on your broadcast.
Hello?
[sighs]
[♪♪]
Thank you. Come.
Tch-tch. Good boy!
Yes. you're a good boy.
Welcome back to Windward.
Mrs. Dean.
Oh. hello. Walter.
Nice to see you.
I was just thinking.
I know how much
you love Windward.
and right now
we could really use
a little publicity
to help boost tourism.
Ah. and a world-class
ballet company in rehearsal
might generate that coverage?
You are as perceptive
as you are lovely.
[chuckles]
Thank you. Walter.
but you don't need to work
quite that hard.
I'll make a few phone calls
and see what I can do.
Well. you're a blessing
to us all.
Ah. let's not elevate me
to sainthood just yet. Walter.
[♪♪]
Mm.
[barks]
B onjour!
You're very cute.
Hmm? Oh!
Who do you belong to. hein?
[Kathryn calling]
Rudy!
Rudy?
Oh. mystery solved.
Over here!
[Kathryn] Oh!
Ahh!
Rudy. there you are.
You shouldn't have run away.
you bad dog.
I think he was hungry.
Oh. you didn't feed him.
did you?
I don't like him begging.
It's a terrible habit.
In France. we let them sit
at the table with us.
Even in restaurants.
Happy dog. happy people. hein?
Well. we're not in France now.
Rudy? Rudy!
Come!
You'd better go.
Come! Rudy. come.
Thank you.
All right. Rudy.
Come on. Rudy.
[sighs]
You're welcome.
So. that's another hamburger--
plain. no bun. no fries--
and a water.
-Yes.
-All right.
Let me guess. Same?
Actually. I will have
a burger with bun
and cheese.
fries. crispy.
and a... chocolate malted.
[scoffs]
What?
I'm the boss.
I get to eat what I like.
Fantastic.
And now I can pay
my electric bill.
So you own
this charming establishment?
Oh. I own a whole chain--
South America. Europe.
next week.
I'm opening one in Shanghai.
Well. mice to know.
wherever I am in the world.
I'll never be far from you.
Right.
I will just get this going.
I know that look in your eye.
but I have a feeling
she's too smart
to fall for the Philip Chandler
dance routine.
Mm-hmm.
You might be right.
Which is exactly
what I find so interesting.
Hey. Annie.
-Hi.
-Can I get a turkey sandwich?
In a sec. Cook's out sick.
I'm still short a waitress.
and this is as close to packed
as I've been in a while.
No problem. I can wait.
[background music plays.
indistinct]
[♪♪]
[Nicole speaks. indistinct]
[exchange continues.
indistinct]
Thinking about talking
to her again. aren't you?
Okay. yes.
[snickers]
I'm just not sure about what.
I've already made it very clear
I know nothing about ballet.
so I think it's a little
too late for Google.
Well. you could talk about
how great my food is.
Oh. ho. You're not even
trying to help. are you?
Sorry. Little busy.
You're gonna have to figure
this one out on your own.
Okay. fine.
[exhales]
I can do this.
You can do this.
-All right.
-Yeah.
If you're looking for anything
after the Beatles broke up.
you're gonna be disappointed.
[chuckles]
You just saved me a quarter.
My pleasure.
So. the food here--
pretty good.
Glad to hear it.
Okay. then.
How'd it go?
[whistles and mimics explosion]
[laughs]
Well. can't win 'em all.
Why do I get the feeling
you're enjoying this?
Please. I'm your best friend.
Why would I enjoy this?
[♪♪]
Thought I might
find you out here.
Shouldn't you be taking bread
out of the oven?
I already did.
It's cooling.
See you haven't given up
on that painting yet.
You feeling better about it?
[sighs] You know me.
I can never tell.
I don't know.
What do you think?
Be honest.
Could you bring it
a little bit closer?
You're not gonna
fall off the dock. Matt.
A gust of wind
could come up like that.
You know.
my offer still stands.
You're never too old
to learn how to swim.
Gotten this far
without it.
I'm good.
[Annie laughs]
Someday. you're gonna
have to explain to me
why you choose to spend
your whole life
surrounded by something
you're afraid of.
Okay. well. let's put
a pin in that
until the next time
you bring it up?
I need your help
with something.
Sure.
Okay. right. So. um...
here's the deal.
Say you were interested
in someone.
like. I don't know.
a dancer--
how would you go about that?
Wow!
I've never seen you
so unsure of yourself.
It's just we come from
such different places.
You know. she's got a career
that's probably taken her
all over the world.
I don't even own a passport.
[laughs]
And you want me
to be your dating coach?
Yeah.
Annie. you're the smartest
person I know.
And the most sophisticated.
I mean. come on!
I've already put my foot
in my mouth twice.
If I'm lucky.
I've only got one more shot.
Okay.
Well. I'm not sure
what kind of help I can be.
because. you know.
I haven't dated anybody
since that stockbroker
from Seattle two summers ago.
Besides. I don't know
anything about this dancer.
what she's looking for
in a guy.
Well. what would you look for?
What would I look for?
Yeah.
I don't know.
How about everything
that stockbroker didn't have--
depth. honesty.
the willingness to actually
give something of himself.
You could try
offering her that.
Geez. Annie. we just met.
Haven't had a real conversation
with her yet.
Can we start with something. uh.
a little simpler?
Something simpler?
Um. I don't know.
you could try baking for her.
Bet she'd kill
for a carbohydrate.
I'm joking.
I know.
But there's something there.
I think.
You said I need
to give something of myself.
and this way.
I would be.
Thanks. Annie.
Knew I could count on you.
Always happy to help.
[♪♪]
[door opens]
It's okay.
I won't tell anyone.
[laughs]
Tempting.
but I don't think so.
Wait.
I. uh...
I-I wasn't
completely honest with you
at the pub the other night.
About what?
The Nutcracker isn't
the only ballet I've ever seen.
Really?
I saw you dance.
In Seattle?
No. here. the other day.
I was delivering bread
to the estate.
You were...
i-it was beautiful.
As good
as The Nutcracker?
Okay. I'm no expert
or anything.
but I don't know.
watching you move.
the way you danced.
it's like...
gravity doesn't exist.
Like--
like the time slowed down. okay?
I'm so sorry.
I'm not saying it right at all.
Actually.
you were doing just fine.
Really?
Really.
So how 'bout that baguette?
Oh. my goodness. I can't!
Okay. okay. no. I understand.
Dancers need to be disciplined.
and treats have to be
very special.
so how does this sound--
fresh. classic pain au froment.
right out of the oven.
Perfect crust.
moist warm center.
dipped in olive oil.
with just a sprinkle of salt.
Okay. please. no more.
Five a.m. tomorrow.
Five a.m.?
You will not be disappointed.
I don't know.
Maybe.
Um. I gotta go.
Wait!
What's your name?
Nicole.
I'm Matt.
[♪♪]
[knocks]
Annie?
-[knocking]
-Coming!
I told her I'd bake for her.
[groggily] I'm sorry. What?
I took your advice.
I'm trying to up my game.
[groans] Oh.
Still warm.
What do you think?
I think I was sleeping.
Come on!
I just need an honest opinion.
It'll take you two seconds.
Well?
[sighs] I'm not sure
what exactly you want me to say.
When you taste it--
I don't know.
what do you think?
I think it's... bread.
So there's nothing
special about it?
If you're hoping to knock
her ballet slippers off.
it's not gonna do it.
That's what I was afraid of.
She's coming by the shop
tomorrow morning at five.
Mmph.
Can I come back around three
with another loaf?
No.
Come on!
I would do it for you.
Goodnight. Matt.
-Bye.
[♪♪]
Hey.
From the look on your face.
I'm guessing
it didn't go great?
You could say that.
She didn't even show up.
Well...
maybe she overslept.
You know. 5:00 a.m.
isn't exactly
the best time to start a date.
I might've gotten lucky.
Made another batch
after I left your place.
and. if I'm being
completely honest.
which you said I should be.
it wasn't any better
than the one you tasted.
Maybe it's because you're still
doing it for the wrong reason.
You know?
Instead of trying
to impress a girl.
do it because you want to put
the best of yourself in it.
What if this is
the best of myself?
Hey!
How could you even
say something like that?
We've been friends forever.
We know each other better
than anyone else.
When I got the chance
to study art in Paris
and I wasn't sure
if I should go.
you're the one who told me
that I should do it
because you saw more in me
than I saw in myself.
I feel the same way about you.
Wish I knew why.
Tsk.
Annie. I look at you
and I see someone
who's really passionate
about something.
You are out here at daybreak.
doing what you love.
You work a full day
at the restaurant.
and you're back out here
the next morning.
I don't have anything like that.
All I do is make bread.
So put your passion into that.
When I lived in Paris.
there was a baker near me
so good
that people lined up
waiting for him to open.
In Bruges.
there's a wafflemaker
who's famous all over Europe.
I mean. it's simple.
everyday food
that people just like you
turn into something special.
You really think I could do
something like that. don't you?
Of course I do.
I always have.
What?
I just realized.
sometimes. you're like
a shorter. cuter version
of my dad.
Oh. that might be
the sweetest thing
you've ever said to me.
[classical music plays]
[♪♪]
-[bang]
-Stop! Stop!
Nicole.
What are you doing?
Why don't you just tell me
and save us all some time?
It's all surface.
I mean. this is a woman torn
between two loves.
two passions!
You do know what passion is.
don't you?
Oh. good.
Another rhetorical question.
You'd like a real one?
Okay.
How's this?
Do you have
the emotional depth
to express
what I'm trying to do here?
See. you're good enough
for Seattle.
but I need world-class.
and right now.
I am not convinced
that you can give it to me.
Do you know what?
We're done for the day.
Okay? We're done.
[♪♪]
[Matt sighs]
Okay. Matt.
Annie seems to think
you're capable of more.
Maybe it's time you have
as much faith in yourself
as she does.
[♪♪]
[car alarm chirps]
You came.
I know.
I'm surprised. too.
[♪♪]
[horn blares]
[tires screech]
Come on in. Uh...
um. heh...
so I had a nicer presentation
set up for you yesterday.
Well. I need this more today
than I needed it yesterday. so.
I'm not entirely sure
what that means.
but I'm glad you're here.
Oh. One moment.
s'il vous plaît.
Hmm.
Lucky you...
still warm.
Mm.
Oh!
[laughing]
Also better yesterday.
Well. you're getting
more points by the minute.
Oh... wow.
Oh. wow!
[laughs]
You sound surprised.
[crust crunching]
Okay. if I'm being
completely honest.
I don't think I've ever made
anything this good before.
I mean. my bread's
usually. uh. okay.
but this is like. uh...
like I was inspired.
[laughs] Oh...
Sure. Okay.
All right. I know that sounds
like a line.
but if it was.
I think I'd probably come up
with something
a little bit better
than admitting
I'm usually mediocre.
[laughs]
Mm!
[chuckles]
[water lapping wharf]
[sighs]
[ferry horn bellows]
[sniffing]
Something has happened.
[quiet chatter. indistinct]
You are a genius.
It totally worked.
What worked?
Everything!
I have never made bread
this good in my life.
She loved it.
And then I told her
I never made bread that good.
I was completely honest.
and she loved that. too.
Here. try it.
Matt. I'm kind of
in the middle of things here.
Come on.
Come on. just one bite.
All right.
All right. all right.
You can taste it. too.
can't you?
Oh. wow.
Lyle-- try that.
Oh. this is good!
I know. There's something
different about it.
something better.
And I couldn't have
done it without you.
[astonished chuckle]
You smell nice.
What is that?
Shampoo.
I like it.
This is really good.
I know.
[♪♪]
[knocking]
There he is!
Just the man I wanted to see.
Hey. Walt.
So. I'm doing a little survey.
-Try one of these.
-In a sec.
How does this sound to you?
A "Pioneer Days" festival.
The entire town
in period-day costume.
and you. you handsome devil.
starring as
the island's founder.
Captain Bodie.
Tourists will eat it up.
No.
Come on. you'd be great.
I don't do costumes.
And besides. Walt.
you are the star
of the local community theater
every year.
You should do it.
I don't look good
in knee breeches.
Small calves.
It's hereditary.
My heart goes out to you.
Now try the bread.
Just think about it.
We gotta come up
with something
to get the tourists back here.
Ask Lyle.
All that bike riding.
He's got amazing calves.
I did. He said no.
You were my second choice.
Well. third.
So?
This is incredible.
Yes!
Four out of four!
[cackles victoriously]
Thanks. Walt!
Mm-hmm!
So. are you going to tell me
where we're going?
Well. it's a beautiful day.
I thought I'd show you
some of my favorite places
around the island.
Okay.
Your chariot awaits.
Thank you.
Hello?
Hi.
You know. I'm sorry.
We're actually closed.
but. um. Barnacle Burt's
is open--
I pray that I'm never so hungry
to eat at a place
called Barnacle Burt's.
I was actually on my way
to the far more fashionable
Bartholomew's Public House.
and wondered
if you'd care to join me.
Oh. Um...
thanks.
You know. but it's just--
it's been a--
Before you say no.
you should be aware.
I'm a world-renowned
choreographer
with a huge. yet fragile. ego.
Rejection may depress me so much
I can't create.
and that. well. that would make
the world a sadder place.
[snickers]
Well. I certainly wouldn't want
to be responsible for that.
Excellent!
All right.
[chuckles]
Just one second.
[♪♪]
[background music plays]
So. I mean. I was 23.
My ballet was the biggest thing
in Paris.
And there's nothing like
success in Paris.
What a city.
I know.
I studied painting for a year
at the Ecole Nationale
Supérieure des Beaux-Arts.
No way.
Well. you just continue
to impress me.
[laughs]
Merci. Vous êtes très gentil.
So how does a budding artist
with an excellent French accent
end up owning
a restaurant here?
It was my parents' place.
And after my father got sick.
I came back to help.
and I never got back to Paris.
And your painting?
I still dabble a little.
There's not a lot of
creative satisfaction
in ordering
cases of frozen hamburger--
-[both laughing]
-...and cases of ketchup.
so it's nice to have an outlet.
Have you ever had a showing?
Only on the walls of my house.
It seems the life of an artist
was not something
I was meant to have.
Well. you know.
it's never too late.
Wouldn't it be nice
if that were true?
I'm sorry.
I seem to have inadvertently
brought down the mood.
No.
Let me see
if I can fix that.
Care to dance?
[laughs]
How could I say no
to a world-renowned
choreographer?
Quite.
[♪♪]
Matt.
This bread just keeps getting
better and better.
It's a gift.
I don't question it.
but I am grateful for it.
Uh. could we get a beer and--?
A sparkling water.
Uh. you know what. Ernie?
Make it two.
Consider that
a gesture of solidarity.
You really do know
how to make a girl feel special.
[chuckles]
Hi. Matt.
Annie.
I don't think
you've met Philip.
He's the choreographer
for the ballet company.
Hi.
Howdy.
And I-I don't think
you've met Nicole.
Not officially.
but how could I forget?
Hamburger. plain. no bun.
no fries. and a water.
What a memory.
[all chuckling]
Well. uh.
wish I could stay and talk.
but got an early morning. so.
It was good meeting you. Matt.
You too.
[mimics shooting]
Don't forget.
early rehearsal.
Yes. sir.
-Annie.
-Matt.
[classical music plays]
[♪♪]
Better! Much better.
Keep working like this
and we may actually
have a ballet.
Same time tomorrow.
Hey. Walter.
I hope you shaved today.
Seattle News Tonight
just came off the ferry.
I was thinking you might want
to say hello to them.
Excuse me!
Hey!
Welcome to Walter--
uh. Windward.
I'm Walter. [chuckles]
Walter Rasmussen.
I'm the Mayor.
Rick Rodgers.
Seattle News Tonight.
I know!
I'm a big fan. Big fan.
[stammers]
I'm a big fan.
[chuckling] Thanks.
Uh. well. we got to get
to the Dean place.
We're doing a piece
on the ballet company.
That's great.
By the way. uh.
we're celebrating
our 200th birthday.
doing a big. uh.
"Pioneer Days" thing.
See?
Uh-huh. yeah.
Great.
[starts engine]
Well...
have a nice day. Walter.
You too.
[♪♪]
Oh. stop smiling already.
I get it.
The ballerina loves your bread.
Everybody loves your bread.
Congratulations.
Ooh. someone's
a little scratchy today.
What happened?
Your date with--
[British accent]
...the "Lord of the Dance"--
[normal voice] ...wasn't what
you'd hoped it would be?
As a matter of fact.
I had a lovely time.
It was absolutely lovely.
Oh.
Well... well. great.
That's great.
Just... you know. be careful.
Of what?
I don't think
he's the kind of guy
who's interested
in meaningful relationships.
You barely said
five words to him.
I'm just trying
to look out for you.
I don't want to see you
end up getting hurt.
I can take care of myself.
And if I were looking
for relationship advice.
you're the last person
I would come to.
Fine.
I'll have a burger.
But...
I think you're wrong.
Always happy
to hear your opinion.
Oh. look at that.
5:00. Kitchen's closed.
-You guys close at six.
-New hours.
[♪♪]
Mm.
[sighs. then inhales]
[sighs more deeply]
[TV announcer]
Some people support the arts
by buying season tickets...
If I want to flirt with Philip.
I'm gonna flirt with Philip.
I don't need
Matt telling me what to do.
acting all concerned
and noble.
-[snickering]
-What?
[laughing]
It's just funny.
I mean. you guys keep saying
that you're only friends.
but. first. you're jealous
of this dancer girl.
and then he's jealous
of this Philip guy.
You are like
a dog with a bone.
Ruff!
-[laughing]
-Stop.
[Rick Rodgers. on newscast]
And so. under the watchful eye
of benefactress
Katherine Dean.
the Philip Chandler
Dance Company creates magic
in the splendid isolation
of this tiny island community.
Another golden opportunity
down the drain.
Rick Rodgers.
Seattle News Tonight.
Finally get a reporter in here
and all he talks about
is the ballet.
Nothing I do ever works out.
Don't be so hard
on yourself. Walt.
When I was a kid.
my family
used to visit Windward.
I haven't been there for years.
It kind of
fell off the radar.
Well. Connie. I can tell you.
it's still very charming.
and it's not just the scenery.
Ooh...
Taste this.
and you'll want to go
tomorrow.
-Mm!
-Isn't that incredible?
Comes from Duval's.
the local bakery.
[Connie]
This... is delicious!
Everyone!
They're talking about my bread!
I think it's time
for a return trip to Windward.
Maybe tomorrow!
Well. I just may join you.
In other news tonight--
We're famous!
And all because of this guy!
[bar patrons cheering]
[cheering and hooting]
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
We're Windward!
They love us!
We're Windward! They love us!
Look at that. Annie!
Another thing I couldn't have
done without you.
[patrons] We're Windward!
They love us!
We're Windward!
We're Windward! They love us!
They love us!
We're Windward!
-Whoo!
-We're Windward! They love us!
We're Windward!
They love us!
We're Windward! They love us!
Enjoy.
[♪♪]
Merci.
Welcome to Windward.
Thanks for coming.
-Enjoy your stay.
-Thank you.
[♪♪]
Oh!
Hi!
Fresh bread.
Fresh from Duval's.
Enjoy.
[♪♪]
Well. of course.
there are times
I still think about
going back to Paris.
but. you know. that's not
where my life is right now.
And there's a lot to like
about living here--
the sense of community.
the pace of life.
the natural beauty...
The smallness
doesn't bother you?
[laughs]
Not all of us need a big stage.
[chuckles]
Speaking of which.
how's the ballet coming?
You know what?
I think that it may just be
my best work ever.
-Really?
-Mm-hmm.
-That good?
-Oh. ho.
I know I must seem
full of myself--
and I am.
but you can judge for yourself.
I've convinced Mrs. Dean
to invite the whole town
to our final rehearsal.
You have to come.
Sure.
Great.
After you.
Do you want
to take me out tonight?
[taken aback] Okay.
Okay.
-[Annie chuckles]
-Great.
Great.
Hey. Annie.
can we get two burgers--
I'm sorry. kitchen's closed.
Again?
Yeah. I got to get
this place cleaned up.
'cause I've got a date.
Pick me up at seven.
Yeah?
[♪♪]
There's our magic baker.
Hey. Lyle.
I don't know what
you're putting in that bread.
but don't stop.
It's the best tourist season
we've had in years.
Okay. that's. what?
10 people who've said
you're amazing?
So. Mr. Popularity.
you want to take me
whale watching tomorrow?
I... I don't think
that's a good idea.
Why not?
Just don't do well
on small boats.
You get seasick?
Okay.
Embarrassing moment
about to happen.
Please don't laugh.
I can't swim.
[laughs]
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
It's just--
I know. I live on an island.
I always meant to learn. but...
But what?
When I was a kid.
we took a class field trip
to Seattle.
and as the ferry was
pulling out of the harbor.
I was showing off.
and I fell overboard.
The teacher didn't see me.
so Annie jumped in
and saved me.
She pulled me right there.
to that dock.
You two
certainly have a history.
Yeah. we do.
Did you two ever date?
Me and Annie? No!
No. she is my best friend.
though you wouldn't know it
from the way she's been acting.
How's she been acting?
Irritated.
[scoffs]
Well. stop being such a guy
and ask her what's wrong.
Sounds exactly like the kind
of advice I'd get from her.
[laughs] Well.
the more I hear about her.
the more I like her.
Enough about Annie.
-[ice clatters]
-[Nicole gasps]
[laughs]
Oh. you are so smooth.
[both laughing]
Oh! [chuckles]
Thank you.
So...
we know each other
a little better now.
How do you feel about showing me
some of those paintings?
Oh. I. uh...
Seriously. I know
some gallery owners in Seattle.
I could talk to them for you.
What if you don't think
they're any good?
Having spent just
a little bit of time with you.
I have a feeling that I would
like them very much.
That's very sweet. Philip.
but...
You're not ready yet.
I get it.
But if you change your mind...
Goodnight. Philip.
[♪♪]
[Jean Pierre] Hello.
you lovely and hungry people!
We open in five minutes.
and I promise. it will be
well worth your wait.
[barks]
Ah. bon.
You again.
[whimpers]
Uh...
come on.
you little escape artist.
I don't have time
to take you home right now.
Alors. entre. entre.
Bon. Arrière.
Viens-t'en. Viens-t'en.
Matthew.
time to make your deliveries.
Right.
[grumbles wearily]
Thanks.
Who's this?
A new employee?
[Jean Pierre chuckles]
He belongs to Mrs. Dean.
You know. there's
a very pretty face
under that scowl of hers.
So what do you think?
I think you are a baker.
And a very. very good one.
Well. you said I needed
to find my inspiration.
Guess I finally have.
I just hope you found it
in the right place.
Viens-t'en.
Viens-t'en. Viens-t'en.
Annie?
You're not gonna believe this.
but there's
a guy out there named...
Thompson.
who wants to know
if you're interested
in selling the restaurant.
[laughs]
Where was he three months ago
when I couldn't pay a bill?
I'm not selling now.
[laughing]
[phone rings]
Hello. Duval's.
I'm sorry. I have to put you--
What?
Really?
Fantastique!
[laughs]
Yes! Yes. see you then!
We are going to be
on Get Up & Go. America!
They want to do a story
on the bakery that brought
a small town back to life!
[cheering and applause erupt]
And table four's still
waiting for their fries. okay?
Thank you.
So... can I get
something to eat.
or are you closing
at two now?
[chuckles weakly]
Come on. Annie.
I don't want to fight with you.
Who's fighting?
Uh. we are.
and I'm not sure why.
I mean. I'm used to you
being a little cranky with me.
but this is worse than usual.
When am I cranky with you?
Come on. you have been
on my case since we were kids.
Pushing me to be something
I never thought I could be.
Well. guess what?
I finally listened to you
and now it's finally happened.
There's something in my bread
that wasn't there before.
I know it sounds crazy
and I can't explain it.
but I know you can taste it--
everyone can.
For the first time in my life.
I feel like I have a purpose.
Why are you telling me this?
Because...
it wouldn't have happened
without you.
I want you
to be happy for me.
instead of whatever...
this is.
[forced] I'm happy for you.
You've got
a weird way of showing it.
I'm sorry. I...
You know. I'm dealing
with some stuff and...
maybe I took it out on you.
Well. what kind of stuff?
You know. restaurant stuff.
Money.
But now. thanks to you
and your magic bread.
stuff's really picking up.
So. we're good?
Yeah. we're good.
Yeah.
[both chuckling]
Great. because
there's something
that I want to run by you.
something
that may surprise you.
Okay.
It's Nicole.
I-I think
I might be sort of...
in love with her.
Really?
Yeah. but the thing is.
I'm not sure
if she feels the same way.
I mean. she's not like
the girls I usually date.
She's more like. uh.
well. she's more like you.
Like me?
Yeah.
You know--
talented. smart. complicated.
[laughing]
Why is that... funny?
I'm sorry. I...
[sighs]
I don't know why I'm laughing.
You know.
I don't have any idea
why people fall
for the people they do.
If you want to know
how she feels about you.
you're...
you're gonna have to ask her.
I'm so new to this whole thing.
What if I'm not good at it?
Let me give you a hint.
When you tell her
that you love her.
you may want to lose
the "sort of."
[♪♪]
I knew it! I knew it!
Oh. I would have made
a great psychologist.
I don't know
what makes me feel worse.
that I'm in love with Matt
or that you were right.
That's besides the point.
Okay. what matters
is that you've admitted it.
No. What matters is
that he doesn't
feel the same way.
Maybe he only thinks
that he's in love with her.
I mean. look at you.
Look how long
it took you to wake up.
and that was with
me filling you with insights.
I mean. sooner or later.
he's gonna realize
that they're from
two different worlds.
Wait.
Do you think that Matt would
leave Windward to follow her?
I don't know.
You're the psychology minor.
True. But I'm not psychic.
[Annie grunts in exasperation]
Oh. Mary.
[doorbell chimes]
[jazz plays in background]
Oh! Thank heaven!
Come in. come in!
Oh. my sweet. sweet angel.
I thought
I would never see you again.
There you go. Rudy.
Thank you.
You can't imagine
how upset I've been.
But of course.
I had a wonderful little dog
named Simone.
so I know exactly how you feel.
Would you like to join me
for a glass of wine?
That would be lovely.
[both chuckling]
[♪♪]
[buzzing chatter]
Ladies and gentlemen.
please. take your seats.
The performance
is just about to begin.
You're supposed to wait
until she Do-si-dos.
[♪♪]
[applause erupts]
Whoo!
[♪♪]
[bustling chatter
over background music]
Oh. nice to see you again.
Jean Pierre.
You look very handsome.
Oh. and you. too. Kathryn.
Oh. please. mon chéri.
And I do believe
you're blushing.
It can happen in the presence
of a beautiful woman.
[chuckling]
Now it's my turn to blush.
Shall we?
Thank you all so much.
I'm so happy you enjoyed it.
[♪♪]
It was wonderful.
Congratulations.
Thank you. Annie.
and thanks for coming.
Oh. well. it's not every day
a place like Windward
gets to see
a star in the making.
Oh! That's very kind.
You must be really eager
to get back to Seattle.
You know. there's
a lot to love about this place.
It's easy to imagine myself
being very happy here.
But I guess
I don't have to tell you that!
Oh. no. you certainly don't.
[forced chuckle]
Well. there's lots of people
waiting to congratulate you.
so I will just... bye.
[Nicole] There you are.
I was beginning
to think you hated it.
How could I?
I was watching you.
And there were no big mice. so.
[Nicole chuckles]
Can I steal you away
for a second?
Yeah.
[♪♪]
Oh--
You're leaving
without saying anything to me?
It was beautiful. Philip.
Truly.
Thank you.
Well. I was hoping
that you'd like it.
I'm sure you're being showered
with compliments.
Well. yes.
but some mean more than others.
You are a remarkable woman.
Annie McBride.
and I've truly enjoyed
spending time with you.
I'm just sorry that
I'm not the one you wanted
to be spending time with.
I'm not sure what you mean.
Well. perhaps I'm mistaken.
[forced chuckle]
Take care of yourself.
[♪♪]
You really
were incredible tonight.
Not that you need me
to tell you that. but...
It's still nice to hear.
-So. we never really talked a--
-I just want you--
I'm sorry. You first.
[sighs] Um...
I can't begin to tell you
how much the time here
has meant to me.
And I'm gonna miss this place.
and you.
very much.
There's no reason you have to.
I was thinking about it.
and I could spend time with you
in Seattle.
and after the ballet closes.
you could come here.
No. After the ballet closes.
we go on a six-month tour.
And then there'll be
another ballet and another tour.
So what are you saying?
You have to understand.
I'm at the beginning
of a career
I've been working towards
my entire life.
and right now.
there's just no place in it--
So this is what it's like.
What?
I've never gotten
a "goodbye" speech before.
[sighs]
Matt. I'm...
It's okay.
You don't have
to say anything else.
I hope your career
is everything
you want it to be.
[♪♪]
[ticking]
[sighing]
I've been thinking
about our conversation.
Ah!
And I think
I will be returning to Windward
more often.
I think
that would be very nice.
I'd love to see
more of Rudy.
Oh?
Just Rudy?
Well. actually...
Oh. Jean Pierre. I do believe
you're blushing again.
Ruff! Ruff!
[Kathryn chuckles]
Oh...
Au revoir.
Bon voyage.
[♪♪]
[knocking]
Annie?
Annie!
[knocks]
Annie?
[♪♪]
Ah.
[inhales deeply. sighs]
Aw. Matthew.
[♪♪]
More bread?
No. thank you.
Really?
You sure?
Positive.
[crunch]
[♪♪]
Hello?
Walt... we got a problem.
Annie. have you
tasted the bread today?
No. Why?
Gah.
Oh. boy.
"Oh. boy" what?
Voilà.
Uh. Jean Pierre.
we have a problem.
I'll be right back.
[hushed]
I know! I tasted it.
What happened?
She-- She left.
Who?
The dancer!
I don't understand.
Have you never
seen a French film?
Uh--
She's gone.
He lost his inspiration.
and the bread doesn't
taste the same without it.
You have to do something.
There's nothing I can do!
[♪♪]
Hey. Matt.
Walter.
Just thought I'd drop by
and say "hey."
How did you get in?
The key under the mat.
Not the safest place.
by the way.
I was sleeping.
Sleep is good.
[chuckles briefly]
You know.
talking is good. too.
Anything you wanna talk about?
No.
I want to sleep.
Okay.
But if you do want to talk.
I'll be right here.
Here?
As in... "here" here?
No. no. I mean in town.
Unless you want me to stay.
because I--
Goodbye. Walter.
[♪♪]
Just signed the papers.
All I need is a couple of weeks
to tie up loose ends
and the restaurant's yours.
Thanks. Mr. Thompson.
Well. I hope
that you and your family
will be as happy here
as mine was.
Bye.
[♪♪]
[sighs]
[Mary] Annie!
It's time
for the town meeting.
[Annie] I'll be right out.
[mutters] Hmm.
What's this?
"Deed of Sale"?
Annie...
you've sold the restaurant?
I was gonna tell you.
When?
Well. I knew you'd try
to talk me out of it.
and I couldn't take the chance
that you might.
You can't do this.
This is... This is crazy.
It's done.
But Annie--
Mary...
you have Tim.
And you're gonna have a family.
And what do I have?
Years of refusing
to admit to myself
that I'm in love with Matt.
and now that I finally have.
it's too late.
You don't know that.
Okay? That girl's gone.
Talk to him!
Tell him how you feel.
What's the point?
He's miserable over her
and I refuse
to spend any more time
being miserable over him.
I have to move on with my life
and I cannot do that here.
-[exhales sadly]
-Hey.
You're my best friend
and I need you
to understand that.
I do.
I don't want to.
but...
I do.
[♪♪]
[sighs shakily]
[bustling chatter]
Okay!
People. let's settle down.
We're here because
we have a crisis on our hands.
We know. Walter.
What the heck happened
to the bread?
[woman] Yeah!
Matt got his heart broken
by that dancer
and now he can't bake.
Wait a minute!
Are you saying that.
just because he got dumped.
he can't bake
good bread anymore?
That's the craziest thing
I ever heard.
It's not crazy.
It's a French thing.
See a foreign film
once in a while.
The point is--
Get Up & Go. America!
is coming in two weeks
to do a segment
on the "magic bread"
that brought an island
back to life.
Once they taste this...
[thump-thump-thump]
They'll be out of here
before we can say.
"Happy Pioneer Days!"
And if word gets out
that our bakery
is nothin' special.
we're back to being
just another island
fighting for tourists.
So what do we do?
The bread was good
when he was in love.
We got to get him
to fall in love again.
[murmurs of assent]
With who?
We're a small island.
It's not like there's
a lot of possibilities.
Well... what about Annie?
Oh. Tim. not now.
Why not?
That's a great idea.
You're always together anyway.
[chuckles] I'm sorry.
It's just--
it's not going to happen.
Why not?
I mean. I always thought you two
would make an adorable couple.
Yeah.
Come on. Annie.
Be a team player.
The town needs ya!
[stammers awkwardly]
You don't understand.
I'm-I'm leaving.
I've sold the restaurant.
[scoffs] You're leaving?
Did you know about this?
I just found out.
Windward won't be the same
without you.
I'm sorry.
You all know
how much I love all of you
and Windward.
I really wish I could help.
but I just...
I...
[chokes up] I can't.
Annie.
I'll explain later.
All right. everybody.
I know this is a shock.
but. um...
well. we still have
a situation on our hands.
Where can we find someone
for Matt to fall in love with?
[all murmuring]
Well. there's the Internet.
Great idea!
I say we flood the market.
Every dating site
we can think of.
[♪♪]
Hey. Walt...
the crow is in the nest.
Repeat...
Copy that.
[sets mug down]
Hey.
I stopped by your house.
I've left you
half a dozen messages.
It's all over town
that you sold the diner...
you haven't said
a word to me.
Annie?
What's going on?
It's complicated.
It all happened really fast.
-I was gonna tell you--
-And when was that gonna be?
In a note.
slid under my door?
Look. you were dealing
with your own stuff--
I know. but I just think--
We'll talk more. I promise.
but I have to answer this
right now. I'm sorry.
Hi. Mr. Thompson.
[♪♪]
[Walt] Um. one minor thing--
Yeah?
Heather. uh. Matt doesn't know
about the post that you saw.
Matt!
What a surprise.
I'd like you to meet...
my... cousin. Heather.
Hi!
Hello.
Um...
Heather is visiting
for the day.
Although I could stay longer.
That's nice.
You know.
Heather would love
a tour of the island
with someone
who knows it intimately.
-Yeah.
-Well. Heather...
you can't do better
than Walt here.
I'm sorry. what?
Enjoy your stay.
[engine starts]
[Heather scoffs]
Okay.
Somebody owes me $20
for a wasted ferry ride...
"cousin."
[pub bustles with chatter]
Hey. Matt. uh...
this is my cousin. Lisa.
Ernie tells me you bake bread.
Now. I have an allergy
to white flour.
but if you make
a nice pumpernickel.
I would really love to try it.
Sorry. Pumpernickel was never
a big seller around here.
You'll have better luck
in Seattle.
Night. Ernie.
Nice to meet you.
Hold on!
Would you be okay with rye?
Not really.
Hey. Matt.
This is my cousin. Hailey.
It's "Kayleigh."
Right! She has a twin.
Can never tell them apart.
Amazing!
You know. you are
the eighth cousin
I met this week.
-Oh!
-What are the odds?
Oh. astronomical.
Bye. Kayleigh.
Are you single?
Uh... yeah.
Good.
You're taking me to lunch.
Are you gonna be okay?
If I say no.
will you stay?
It's not like
I won't be back.
I'm an unofficial aunt.
remember?
Yeah.
Here.
I'm gonna go out with you.
I want to take
one last walk around town.
Want me to go with you?
It's okay. you go home
and get some sleep.
I'll see you
in the morning. okay?
Okay.
[♪♪]
You know. I'm still
waiting on that talk
you promised we'd have.
I kept meaning to come see you.
but...
guess I knew how hard
it was gonna be to say goodbye
and I was avoiding it.
That's okay.
I could've pushed it.
I think I was afraid
of the same thing.
I don't even know
why you decided to leave.
I just feel like
I've gotten stuck in my life
and I need to do something
to change that.
And you can't change that here?
I don't think so.
Why not?
Because I...
Shouldn't you
be at the bakery?
Doesn't matter.
Nobody's buying much bread
right now. anyway.
I seem to have lost my touch.
So you're going back
to Paris. then?
Yeah.
[laughs]
Finally decided
to take your advice.
My advice?
You've always told me
to believe in my ability
to paint.
I left before I ever found out
how good I could be.
I got the offer
to sell the restaurant
and I just thought.
"If I don't take the chance now.
I never will."
When I said those things.
I didn't think
it'd mean you'd leave here.
Oh. you won't even notice
I'm gone.
Oh. that's not true.
The year you were away
was really hard on me.
I missed our talks.
our movie nights.
just hanging out with you.
Letters and funny postcards
weren't enough.
Well. now we have FaceTime.
I can show you Paris
out my window.
You'll get busy with your art
and your new friends.
Before you know it.
you won't even
think of me anymore.
Everybody I care about leaves.
What was that?
Everything isn't about you!
This is about me--
and what I need.
You found your passion.
I need the chance
to get back to mine.
Your bread's amazing.
Helped the whole town.
But just because you got hurt.
you stopped.
Well. that's life. Matt!
At some point.
we all get hurt.
and all you can do
is pick yourself up
and move on.
Windward's in trouble!
You could do something
about it.
It's not that simple!
It doesn't work without Nicole.
It's not Nicole!
It's you!
You did it before.
You could do it again.
[voice cracks] No. I can't.
[scoffs]
Well. if that's
what you really believe.
then there's
nothing else to say.
After everything
we've been through.
you're just gonna walk away?
You are the most infuriating
person I have ever met!
I saved you once. Matt!
It's about time you learned
to sink or swim on your own.
I never asked you to save me!
You would've drowned
without me!
-You don't know that!
-[Annie scoffs]
I was doing fine without you!
Just like I'll do now!
[fumes]
[grumbles]
[slam]
I'm the most
infuriating person?
[grunts]
What about you?
I'm not the one leaving.
-[thud]
-You are.
[grunts]
Well... good luck.
-[thump]
-Go back to Paris.
See if I care.
[thud]
[♪♪]
Didn't ask me to save him?
Was doing fine without me?
Yeah! Sure!
[sighs]
[♪♪]
All right. guys.
Nice and easy.
Perfect!
That looks great. guys.
Thank you. Yeah! Yeah.
Whoo!
[exhales]
Gentlemen! Can you put
that. uh. blacksmith
in front of McBride's?
-[man] You got it!
-Thank you.
[♪♪]
Hi.
Mm. This bread
is really something.
I know. it's not that...
Wait. Are--
Are you saying it's good?
It's fantastic.
It is?
It is.
[starts giggling]
It is!
[giggles giddily]
It is! Oh!
It is!
I'm paying for his breakfast!
Oh! It is! It is!
♪ It is. it is. it is ♪
[cries out]
Taste the bread!
Taste the bre-e-e-ead!
Taste the bread! Ha!
The bread is good again.
What's going on?
Follow me to the boulangerie.
[♪♪]
Jean Pierre. the bread--
I know!
And he made pastries.
[townsfolk cheering]
Is the dancer back?
I don't think so.
Oh!
Then what happened?
I don't know.
Maybe you should ask Matthew.
[♪♪]
Oh...
What's everybody--
How did you all get in here?
Key under a flower pot?
Second most common place.
Why are you all here?
To find out what happened.
What do you mean?
The bread--
it's incredible.
And pastries?
You never made pastries before!
It's Nicole. isn't it?
What are you talking about?
She's gone.
Well. something must've happened
between yesterday and today.
What was it?
I don't know.
Nothing.
There had to be something
different. Think!
I'm telling you.
it was nothing.
I went to bed.
I woke up.
I went for a walk.
I had a big fight with Annie.
I baked the bread.
I made my deliveries.
and I came home.
This doesn't make any sense.
Walter. y-you said the bread's
only good when he's in love.
What?
That's what
your father told me.
[♪♪]
Oh. wow.
It's Annie.
...And you come visit me.
Oh!
[♪♪]
Hey. Mr. Duval!
I've got the guys
from Get Up & Go. America!
here.
Where are you going?
To show you
the secret ingredient
in my son's bread.
Allons-y!
[♪♪]
Annie! You can't leave!
Annie!
Annie! I love you!
A little help. please?
[townsfolk]
Annie! He loves you!
[♪♪]
[sighs]
[Annie] What the heck
are you doing?
Well. what
the heck are you doing?
I thought
that you were on the boat!
Well. I forgot my passport.
Did you forget
you don't know how to swim?
It didn't matter.
I had to get to you.
Why?
Because I love you.
Finally! [laughs]
But I thought--
I know.
So did I.
but I was wrong.
It's you. Annie.
It's always been you.
I was just too much of a fool
to know it.
[laughs]
Are you sure?
Who's got bread?
We need some bread.
[♪♪]
Oh. wow.
[Windwardians cheering]
[applauding]
[cheering]
[♪♪]
[Jean Pierre] Ah. love...
This is exactly
how a French film would end.
La fin.
[romantic theme swells]
[♪♪]